[OCPBUGS-42978]: Updating etcd node scaling release note (#83303)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-17-etcd-4-5-nodes_{context}"]
==== Node scaling for etcd

> In this release, if your cluster is installed on a bare metal platform, you can scale a cluster control plane up to 5 nodes as a post-installation task. The etcd Operator scales accordingly to account for the additional control plane nodes. For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/recommended-performance-scale-practices/recommended-etcd-practices.adoc#etcd-node-scaling_recommended-etcd-practices[Node scaling for etcd].

Reviewer: Same out of scope suggestion about the postinstall phrasing as your other PR:
```suggestion
In this release, if your cluster is installed on a bare metal platform, you can scale a cluster control plane up to 5 nodes as a postinstallation task. The etcd Operator scales accordingly to account for the additional control plane nodes. For more information, see xref:../scalability_and_performance/recommended-performance-scale-practices/recommended-etcd-practices.adoc#etcd-node-scaling_recommended-etcd-practices[Node scaling for etcd].
```

Author: Fixed
